Note: This package doesn't have any version numbers. Since these
programs aren't meant to be used as much they are to be learned from,
there isn't much call for adding features. But every once in a while I
find something which needs to be fixed, improved, or just brought up
to date, and these changes are noted here.

* July 1999

ELF Kickers is initially released.

* August 2000

Shortly after installing a 2.2 Linux kernel, I discovered that changes
to the system header files, plus a new warning in gcc 2.95.2, caused
several of the programs to generate numerous compiler warnings and
errors. The errors were caused by system headers re-defining a macro
(benignly), and were suppressed by rearranging the inclusion of some
header files. The warnings were due to my taking advantage of the
standard feature of omitting trailing initializers in the definition
of a structure, and were suppressed by omitting the -W gcc option in
the Makefiles, leaving just -Wall.

I added ls.asm to the tiny collection.

I also fixed some bugs and made minor improvements to the
documentation.

January 2001:

I added keepalive.asm to the tiny collection.

I've removed the -W gcc option in the Makefile for ebfc (I don't know
why I didn't do that last time).

I also added a new feature to ebfc -- namely, the acceptance of
compressed source files -- just for the heck of it.

February 2001:

Five of the tiny programs did not work under 2.2.17 (and later 2.2
kernels) due to a change in how Linux checks the ELF header. (Thanks
to Francois-Rene Rideau, who pointed this out to me. Oddly enough,
this new restriction does not seem to have made it into the 2.4.0
kernel. I am unsure if the change is confined to the 2.2 versions, or
if it will resurface in a later kernel.) I succeeded in fixing two of
the programs without sacrificing compatibility with 2.0 kernels or
increasing the size. For the other three, I added new versions that
are incompatible with 2.0.

March 2001:

I added a new program, rebind, to the collection.

I added date.asm and snake.asm to the tiny collection. I also brought
the other tiny programs up-to-date, and cleaned up inconsistencies.

I fixed a very minor bug in elftoc.

I cleaned up a couple of the README files.

I started to think that it was pretty stupid to not have put a version
number on this distribution when I first released it.
